Sorry you're
feeling sick, bro.
Hopefully, this
soup will help.
This should keep
you nice and warm.
And I have prepared
the ceremonial sword for
your end-of-life ritual.
-Please extend your neck.
It's just a cold, Star!
I'll be better in a few days.
ROBIN: This is
no cold, Cyborg!
I've seen this before.
A virus has invaded your body!
And it's destroying
you from the inside out.
You are dying!
This is awesome!
-Body Adventure!
That's why.
It's every superhero's dream
to shrink down to the size of
a germ and to explore
the miracle of the body.
That ain't my dream.
-Yeah, gross!
-Think about it.
ROBIN: Surfing on blood cells,
climbing a rib cage,
swimming in the stomach,
I'll take down those
viruses, mano-a-germo!
Hyah! You know...
Body Adventure!
Sorry, you aren't
crawling all up in this.
It's just a cold!
And it's going to kill you,
Cyborg! Maybe!
Panic!
You can't go
inside him, Robin.
It's not like we have a...
"Brand new shrink
ray I just bought"?
Uh, dude, are
you sure it's new?
Yeah, they don't sell junk
at the swap meet.
Now, stand aside!
Body Adventure!
Robin, are you not supposed
to be much smaller?
I think that's
as far as it goes.
Huh, no problem.
This can still work.
Cyborg, open wide!
-ROBIN: Body Adventure!
-Do not worry, Cyborg,
I shall maneuver
your Heimlich.
Oh, no, is the ray of
shrinking broken?
Looks like it.
Then Robin's stuck as a baby?
Oh, it's okay, my baby-waby.
Our li'l coco-moco-chucka...
Ow!
Bad baby! Bad!
Okay, Titans, change of plans!
Body Adventure is canceled,
but Operation
Big World is a go!
Whoo-hoo! Everything's huge!
This is awesome!
I am so hungry,
one pizza won't be enough!
And while you starve, I'll
live for an entire week on
this single topping.
How am I going
to finish this all?
The food just keeps coming.
I am stuffed.
-Whoo-hoo! Silky Horse!
Robin!
Oh, I did not see you enter.
Exactly!
Being tiny really increases my
ninja stealth skills.
What's that behind your ear?
It's me!
I can be anywhere at any time
and you would never know.
Anyway, just pretend
I'm not here.
-Can't seem
to shake this cold.
I stepped on tiny Robin!
No, you stepped
on my cherry tomato!
Now what am I going to
use as a bowling ball?
Dude, we need to talk!
Sounds like your cold
is getting worse.
Just say the word
and I'll write you
a prescription for a...
Body Adventure.
Stop with the Body Adventure!
My body is not
an adventure to be had!
-We think you should unshrink
yourself, Robin.
-Indeed,
I feel like I am being
watched wherever I go.
And I'm just not ready to
be a father yet.
No way!
Being tiny is awesome!
Check this out.
I made a mountain
out of flour and these
carrot sticks are my skis.
Whoo-hoo!
And, if you think that's cool,
check out my new boomerang.
I made it out of a toenail.
-ALL: UGH!
That's it!
If you're going to stay small,
you cannot be our leader!
-We're big people dealing with
big problems.
We need you up here.
Now what do you say?
Never! I love my tiny life!
Silky Horse!
What are you doing?
I've decided to shrink the
entire team.
-But the ray is broken.
-Not anymore.
I was able to fix and improve
it with my tiny hands.
Let's do it! Tiny Titans, go!
Now enough of this
shrinking nonsense!
It's time to...
What happened to my body?
The virus has
gotten so bad that it's shut
down all your systems.
Exactly like I told
you it would.
We're going to need more soup.
Or, you know, real medicine.
No, it's already too late.
We only have one option.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no!
Body Adventure!
Where are we?
Looks like we're
lost in the carpet.
Not for long.
Let's climb something tall to
get our bearings.
Ooh, that looks kinda far.
Perhaps we should have gotten
closer to my body first.
Oh, hey, it's Jerry,
my favorite flea.
Flea you later, Jerry.
STARFIRE: We have not moved
but a few inches closer.
We're never going to make it.
I'm going to die here,
sick, tiny and alone.
Not on my tiny watch.
I have an ace up my sleeve.
Silky Horse!
We finally made it!
Body Adventure!
Ah!
BEAST BOY: Oh!
Wow!
Where are we?
Ugh, I think it's the stomach.
Whoa, this is most unpleasant.
Come on, this is great.
Who wants to surf
this hot dog?
Easy! Ugh!
This is... This is fun...
Like a big old swimming pool.
Body Adventure.
Yuck.
Oh, well...
Aah, that tastes gross!
There's more fun
to be had in the body.
Follow me!
-Body Adventure!
Hmm... Where to next?
I know, let's hit the rib cage
for some awesome climbing.
Would not the virus most
likely inhabit his air sacks?
Yeah, probably.
Fine!
BEAST BOY: Ugh! It's so slimy!
Ugh, it's like you were
inhaling jelly, Cyborg.
So fun!
Mucus vines!
Don't do that!
It tickles.
Oh, gross!
I need a shower!
Okay, Robin, maybe we should
just take Cyborg to a doctor.
No, we came in here to fight
some viruses in
an awesome showdown
and that's what we're
going to do.
-Look, there's one now!
Titans, go!
-I would rather the not.
-I am not touching that thing.
-Gross, dude!
-Uh, no thanks.
Everything in this body is
sticky and smelly and weird.
I thought a Body
Adventure would be
awesome but it's just gross!
Come on, let's
get out of here.
I'll just be over here,
inflaming some membranes
and spreading
mucus and what have you.
How do we save
poor Cyborg now?
-STARFIRE: Oh.
-RAVEN: Ugh.
Maybe try calling a doctor!
-Fine!
-Azarath Metrion Zinthos.
-WOMAN: 911,
what's your emergency?
-RAVEN: You got to help us.
What?
-Sorry, I can't
understand you.
Is this some kind of joke?
RAVEN: No, no, no, no, no,
don't hang up!